Here's to us, the Black Cats of the Full Moon!
Cheers!
And here's to Kirito-san, our savior!
Ch-Cheers...
Thanks.
Thank you.
You saved our hides.
Thank you so much.
Don't worry about it.
I was really scared,
so I honestly felt relieved when you came to save me.
O-Oh...
Um, Kirito-san...
I realize this is prying,
but mind telling us your level?
Around Level 20.
Wow, that's pretty close to ours.
I'm amazed that you survived on your own.
Keita, don't be so polite.
Solo players like me just target lone mobs.
It's inefficient.
O-Oh... I see.
In that case, Kirito, I know it's a bad time to ask,
but how about joining our guild?
Tetsuo's the only one that can act as a vanguard since he's a mace user.
This girl's name is Sachi.
I'm planning to have her switch to using a sword and a shield so she can also be a vanguard.
Problem is, she doesn't really know what to do.
Mind coaching her a bit?
Quit belittling me.
I mean, it's natural to be scared when you're thrown into a close combat role all of a sudden.
Don't sweat it. You can just hide behind your shield.
Jeez. You've always been such a scaredy-cat.
Hmph.
Everyone here is a member of our school's PC Research Club.
Oh, but don't worry about that.
You'll fit right in. No doubt about it.
Right?
Then...
I think I'll accept.
Thanks.
My name's Sasamori.
Nice to meet'cha.
Let's do our best together!
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.
The Red-Nosed Reindeer
Sachi, step back.
Tetsuo, switch!
Right!
All right!
Awesome!
Cool.
Congrats!
You did it!
So the clearing group made it past the 28th Floor, huh?
Amazing.
Hey, Kirito.
What do you think's the difference
between us and the clearing group?
Information, maybe?
They monopolize the most efficient training spots and the like.
I'm sure that's partly it,
but I think a major factor is willpower.
Willpower?
I guess you could call it the determination to
protect your friends—or rather, all the players.
Right now, even though we're the ones being protected,
I'd like to believe my determination is just as strong.
Of course, the safety of my friends is my top priority.
However...
Someday, I hope we'll all be able to join the clearing group.
I see.
You have a point.
Maybe...
Yo, leader.
Nice speech!
Watch it.
So we're gonna be comrades with the Divine Dragon Alliance and the Knights of Blood?
Is that a problem?
Let's aim high.
First, we'll all hit Level 30.
No way!
If the Black Cats improve and make it to the front lines,
Keita's ideals could change the unsociable atmosphere there.
I have some news for you all
Including the spoils of the last hunt,
we've accumulated 200,000 Col!
Pretty soon, buying our own house will no longer be a dream!
I know, how about we get Sachi some new equipment?
Sounds good.
No, I'm fine with what I have now.
Don't be so reserved.
We can't make Kirito be the vanguard forever.
Sorry.
I don't mind.
Don't worry about it.
Sorry, Kirito.
Sachi, I know it's hard switching jobs,
but you've almost got it.
Let's all do our best!
Yeah.
Klein...
Well, if it isn't Kirito!
Guys, I'll leave the mobs to you.
Okay.
I haven't seen you around lately.
You've been training this late at night?
Hey, that mark...
Did you join a guild?
Yeah, sorta.
Hey, whenever you're ready!
See ya.
Yeah.
Good grief...
You're still worrying about before?
"This is Keita.
Sachi went out and hasn't returned.
We'll go look for her in the dungeon area.
If you figure something out, let me know."
Sachi...
Sachi!
Kirito?
Everyone's worried.
Hey, Kirito.
Let's run away together.
Run away? From what?
From this town, the monsters,
the Black Cats...
and Sword Art Online.
A-Are you suggesting a double suicide?
That might be good.
No, I'm sorry.
That was a lie.
If I was prepared to die,
I wouldn't be hiding in the safety of this town, right?
Say, why can't we leave?
Why is our life at stake when it's only a game?
What's the point?
There's probably no meaning to it.
I think...
I'm afraid of dying.
You're afraid of dying?
I'm so scared, I haven't been able to sleep lately.
You won't die.
Really?
How can you be so sure?
The Black Cats is by no means a weak guild.
We're also taking extra
precautions in ascending floors.
Moreover, Tetsuo and I are here,
so there's no need for you to fight as a vanguard.
Will I really survive?
Can I go back to the real world someday?
Yeah.
You'll survive.
This game won't be the end of you.
Come in.
Sorry.
I still can't sleep.
If you stay in this guild, you'll be safe.
You'll definitely be able to go back to the real world someday.
I'm sure there are many players like Sachi who fear death.
Even so, they laugh, cry, and survive in this world to the best of their ability.
I've never really thought about it...
Kirito?
It's okay.
You're definitely going to survive.
I'll protect all of you no matter what.
Well then, I'll be right back.
Teleport to Starting Town.
I didn't know it'd be this exciting buying our own house.
That's something an old man would say!
Hey, let's go make some cash while Keita's off buying the house.
Oh, for furniture?
Then how about going to one of the upper dungeons?
Wouldn't our usual hunting spots be better?
It'd be more efficient in the upper dungeons.
At our levels, we'll be fine.
See? This is no problem for us.
Just a bit more and we might make it to the front lines.
You said it!
A hidden door? Here?
It's a treasure chest!
W-Wait!
It's a trap!
Guys, we need to get out of here!
Teleport to Taft!
The crystals aren't working!
So this is an Anti-Crystal Area?
Tetsuo!
Dammit!
Sachi!
Kirito!
Seems like you've been doin' some pretty intense training lately.
Do you have any new information?
Nothin' worth charging for.
Some information broker you are...
This is a new event that wasn't in the beta.
There's no credible source of information.
On Christmas Eve, which is at midnight,
the event boss, Nicholas the Renegade, will spawn.
Right underneath a certain fir tree.
Even the big guilds are in a frenzy searchin' for it.
You've got an idea where it is, dont'cha?
Maybe.
You seriously gonna try to solo it?
In this world, resurrection is impossible.
However, Nicholas the Renegade...
is rumored to drop an item that can defy this rule.
If I face it alone, I'll probably...
die.
In a place where no one can see me,
I'll die meaninglessly.
A beater like you...
didn't have the right to be with us!
That's right...
I...
My arrogance...
killed all of you.
If only I...
hadn't kept my level a secret.
If I manage to defeat Nicholas...
Sachi can be resurrected
and I'll be able to hear her last words.
No matter what curses she may have for me,
I'll have to accept them.
Yo.
You followed me?
Pretty much.
Are you after the resurrection item?
Yeah.
Don't risk your life for something that might be a sham.
This survival game isn't a joke.
The moment our HP drops to zero,
our brains in the real world—
Zip it.
Trying to solo it is crazy!
Fight with us.
Whoever gets the resurrection item can keep it, no hard feelings.
That's fair, right?
If I did that... there'd be no point.
I have to do it alone.
Listen...
I can't let you die here,
Kirito!
It appears you were followed too, Klein.
Looks like it.
The Divine Dragon Alliance?
They'll do anything for a rare item.
What should we do?
I...
Goddammit!
Go, Kirito!
Klein...
Go!
We'll hold these guys back!
Can it.
Kirito!
H-Hey...
That's the resurrection item.
Lemme see.
"The target player...
within ten seconds"?
Do whatever you want with it.
Kirito...
Kirito!
You... You have to survive!
Survive until the end. Please...
See ya.
Sachi?
Merry Christmas, Kirito.
By the time you hear this,
I'll probably be dead.
How should I put it...
You know, the truth is,
I never wanted to leave Starting Town.
But if I fought with thoughts like that,
I knew I'd definitely die someday.
That in itself is nobody's fault,
but mine alone.
Ever since that night, you continued to assure me
that I would definitely survive.
So if I died, I'm sure you would try to place all the blame on yourself.
That's why I decided to leave this recording behind.
And also, I actually know what level you are.
I caught a glimpse of it before.
Even though I thought long and hard about why
you hid your level and joined us, I never did figure it out.
But you know, when I learned how strong you were, I was glad.
I was really relieved.
So... even if I die,
work hard to survive, okay?
Live to see the end of this world,
find the meaning behind its creation,
the meaning behind the presence of a weak girl like me,
and the meaning behind our meeting.
That's my last wish.
There's still some time left.
Since it's Christmas, how about a song?
Bye, Kirito.
Meeting you...
and being together with you...
I don't regret it all.
Thank you.
Farewell.
The far-sounding chime of a bell carried a solitary tone
tooku ni kikoeta kane no ne ga sukoshi samishikute
It rang once more, but with greater clarity and vibrance
mou ichido tsuyoku kondo wa takaku kakenuketa
Neither this ever-repeating reality nor these wishes that dot the sky
tada kurikaesu genjitsu mo hoshi no kazu no negaigoto mo
can surpass the feeling of having found meaning in tomorrow
mezasu beki asu wo mitsuketa kono omoi ni wa katenai
It's fine if the boundless world spread before me is merely a dream
me no mae ni hirakareta hatenai sekai tatoe yume demo ii
Even if it continues to waver, it always clearly resounds in my dreams
mayoi tsuzuketemo yume no oku de tsuyoku zutto zutto hibiiteku
Softly, softly shining
sotto sotto hikatteru